## Course Reflection
  Coming into this course after taking Introduction to Digital Humanities (DH) last semester, I thought I had a solid and well-formulated definition of Digital Humanities. My definition included interactive projects, incorporating research, and making a well-reasoned argument. Now that I have taken this course, I have expanded my definition. New elements include how arguments can be made through the project's format and content. Projects must be interactive. DH can include projects where you code and put texts and old documents into a digital format.  Previously, I had never thought about how digitizing texts can be considered DH. I learned about digitizing texts through the Text Encoding Initiative (TEI) project.

  For this project, I was assigned a portion of Dracula’s Guest by Brahm Stoker to encode using TEI on Oxygen. Oxygen is a standard set of Extended Markup Language (XML) tags to encode digital editions. I had to encode from the end of page 14 through some of page 15. This passage is about soldiers discussing the main character’s condition and how to help him. 

  When I started this project, I was very nervous and intimidated by the coding aspect because I had always thought of code as a confusing language that would take a long time to understand. Also, looking at the examples and opening Oxygen for the first time was intimidating. As I began working on the project, I found that coding was not as complicated as I thought. I was able to encode my short passage relatively quickly and found the coding structure enjoyable. I was proud of the end product and that I was able to code something that worked.
